Adding Pages for Discord Bot Videos 1 and 2 (#2861)
CodingTrain/website: _learning/discord-bot/01-introduction.md

---
title: Introduction
video_number: 1
date: 2020-11-05
video_id: zzz

links:
  - title: "The Coding Train Discord"
    url: /discord
  - title: "Discord (Website)"
    url: https://discord.com/
  - title: "Discord Developer Portal"
    url: https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro
  - title: "Visual Studio Code (Text Editor)"
    url: https://code.visualstudio.com/
  - title: "Node.js"
    url: https://nodejs.org/

videos:
  - title: "Shell Workflow"
    author: "The Coding Train"
    url: /more/workflow/3-shell
  - title: "Node.js Workflow"
    author: "The Coding Train"
    url: /more/workflow/5-node
---

> In this video I talk about the tools you'll need to create a discord bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing a new series: How to Make a Discord bot! This video covers the tools I plan to use to create and code a Discord bot.
```
